Doc for Pipelined DML (#16704)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

- Default value: `3600000`
- Unit: Millisecond
- The transaction that holds locks longer than this time can only be committed or rolled back. The commit might not be successful.

> - For transactions executed using the [`"bulk"` DML mode](/system-variables.md#tidb_dml_type-new-in-v800), the maximum TTL can exceed the limit of this configuration item. The maximum value is 24 hours or the greater value of this configuration item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For transactions executed using the [`"bulk"` DML mode](/system-variables.md#tidb_dml_type-new-in-v800), the maximum TTL can exceed the limit of this configuration item. The maximum value is the greater value between this configuration item and 24 hours.
```
